Updated CONTRIBUTING.MD (#6967)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Submitting a Pull Request Contribution

Generally, an issue should be opened describing a piece of proposed work and the
issues it solves before a pull request is opened. 

### Issue Management
Opening an issue lets community members participate in the design discussion, 

> makes others aware of work being done, andsets the stage for a fruitful community 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
makes others aware of work being done, and sets the stage for a fruitful community 
```

interaction. A pull request should reference the issue it is addressing. Once the 
pull request is merged, the issue related to it will also be closed. If there is 

> additional discussion around implemementation the issue may be re-opened. Once 90 days

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additional discussion around implemementation the issue may be re-opened. Once 30 days
```

> have passed with no additional discussion '@lock[bot]' will lock the issue. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have passed with no additional discussion, the [lock bot](https://github.com/apps/lock) will lock the issue. If
```

> have passed with no additional discussion '@lockbot' will permanently lock the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have passed with no additional discussion '@lockbot' will lock the issue.
```

(we can always unlock the issue)

Author: Ah, I didn't know that :)
